https://ehcsprep-my.sharepoint.com/:fl:/g/personal/john_funk_edenhealthcare_ca/EV6qkimGh25Dj7dfdugkctYB2y5FVA8IVbWJjGAv_K3FnQ?nav=cz0lMkZwZXJzb25hbCUyRmpvaG5fZnVua19lZGVuaGVhbHRoY2FyZV9jYSZkPWIhVmhFVWJNOEN3a200WmFpUVFBR3hWaWdXcWo1cHlVcExocGxIQ3lNMXNHMVA5SXpDYzNEZFFheHJiQjJTS012ayZmPTAxNlJGVElNSzZWS0pDVEJVSE5aQlk3TjI3TzNVQ0k0V1cmYz0lMkZkYjVmYTNiYS1iNmZlLTQzMjUtOTcwMC1kMjM1NWZhNjNiODQmZmx1aWQ9MSZwPSU0MG1zJTJGb25lbm90ZS1tZWV0aW5ncw%3D%3D

Agenda
greeting
discuss wish list
chase rabbits down holes

Meeting notes
generally leans towards tv for content distribution,
setup a webserver and have content that shows or streams,
can use PowerPoint to create video files that loop,
can show live feeds from cameras,
can add scrolling text as needed,
can setup time slots as needed,
software can be purchased - more geared towards live IPTV content,
there are free open source options in addition to paid solutions,
PowerPoint with timings pushed to video could be a good place to start,
videos embedded in PowerPoint will work,
Takes content and turns it into a TV channel <-- this can be private or public,
we have different options for staff to create content,
Dr.'s office - 15 minute loop,
Fireplace - 3 or 4 hour loop if including songs,

Content Created by Lori
Lori creates content in Adobe InDesign
Also uses PowerPoint to create videos,

Thinking Ahead
we'd like PD's to submit content,
it would be good to have a template they can use to provide a consistent feel across the organization,
would be nice to use this to recognize staff and achievements throughout the organization,
Want to ensure that we start with brand consistency so that it's part of the process going forward,
can be used in the movement towards white noise in most offices,
have to be aware of the volume level in the environment when using audio,
could have a fireplace channel if needed,
weather channel for each location,

Follow-up tasks

			
What else do we want on it?   <-- PD's and Communication Committee			
Bring to communication committee and determine templates and guides that want to be used.  			


setup Linux LA(m)P server. 
-Debian, possibly Lubuntu server
-Apache or NginX? Which is better for what we're doing?
VM needs 4 cores, Should have at least 1TB storage. change pointer to new root folder /EdenTV/live/. 


server setup
share to live folder
need FFMPEG and weather script
can we add live camera for demo?
fireplace channel
each channel should have it's own folder name
need all scripts and generating files in their own subsection of /EdenTV/


EdenTV logo? do we want to brand the channels?


